Fox News U.S. Politics Media Opinion Business Entertainment Sports Lifestyle TV Fox Nation Listen More Expand / Collapse search Login Watch TV Menu Hot Topics Coronavirus U.S. Crime Military Education Terror Immigration Economy Personal Freedoms Fox News Investigates World U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Opinion Politics Executive Senate House Judiciary Foreign Policy Polls Elections Entertainment Celebrity News Movies TV News Music News Style News Entertainment Video Business Personal Finance Economy Markets Watchlist Lifestyle Real Estate Tech Lifestyle Food + Drink Cars + Trucks Travel + Outdoors House + Home Fitness + Well-being Style + Beauty Family Faith Science Archaeology Air & Space Planet Earth Wild Nature Natural Science Dinosaurs Tech Security Innovation Drones Computers Video Games Military Tech Health Coronavirus Healthy Living Medical Research Mental Health Cancer Heart Health Children's Health TV Shows Personalities Watch Live Full Episodes Show Clips News Clips About Contact Us Careers Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Media Relations Corporate Information Compliance Supplier Diversity Other Fox Nation Fox News Shop Fox News Go Fox News Radio Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Apps & Products Fox News New Terms of Use Updated Privacy Policy Do Not Sell my Personal Information Closed Captioning Policy Help Contact Us This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper. Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Email Eric Swalwell Published 1 hour ago Last Update 49 mins ago McCarthy gets FBI briefing on Swalwell: 'He should not be on Intel' committee Swalwell's past connections to a suspected Chinese spy are in question By Marisa Schultz | Fox News Facebook Twitter Flipboard Comments Print Email close Video Kevin McCarthy: FBI agreed to briefing on Swalwell House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., weighs in on a Chinese spy allegedly targeting U.S. politicians. GOP House Leader Kevin McCarthy said Friday that an FBI briefing on Rep. Eric Swalwell's contact with an alleged Chinese spy made clear one thing: The California Democrat should not have access to the nation's secrets. McCarthy said the House Intelligence Committee is a special panel that's entrusted with classified information and he renewed his demand that Swalwell be removed from the committee.  "He should not be on Intel," McCarthy, R-Calif., told reporters after he exited the closed-door FBI briefing at the Capitol.  MCCARTHY TO BE BRIEFED BY FBI ON SWALWELL TIES TO CHINA SPY: 'I WILL NOT GIVE UP' "I just think there are definitely 200 other Democrats that I know could fill that place," McCarthy added. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., was also briefed Friday by the FBI about Swalwell’s relationship six years ago with a suspected Chinese spy known as Fang Fang or Christine Fang. STANDING BY SWALWELL, PELOSI SAYS BACKGROUND CHECK ON EVERY INTERN ISN'T NECESSARY Pelosi left the meeting without making any comments to reporters. Pelosi has previously stood by Swalwell and her decision to appoint him to the Intelligence Committee in January of 2015.  "I don't have any concern about Mr. Swalwell," Pelosi said last week.  Swalwell's judgment has been in the spotlight after Axios reported that Fang targeted up-and-coming local politicians, including those who had the potential to become national figures. Swalwell has not commented publicly about the extent of his relationship with Fang, who reportedly had sexual interactions with at least two Midwestern mayors. Fox News’ Jake Gibson caught up with Swalwell outside his home Thursday and he ignored all questions, including one about Fang. This comes after his office declined to comment on the nature of their relationship beyond what they had told Axios and then ignored subsequent requests for information. "Rep. Swalwell, long ago, provided information about this person — whom he met more than eight years ago, and whom he hasn’t seen in nearly six years — to the FBI," Swalwell's office told Axios, which broke the story about Fang. They added that Swalwell "will not participate" in the story out of concerns about possible classified information. SWALWELL REFUSES TO ANSWER FOX NEWS QUESTIONS ON RELATIONSHIP WITH SUSPECTED CHINESE SPY Fang reportedly took part in fundraising for Swalwell's 2014 reelection campaign -- although she did not make donations nor was there evidence of illegal contributions. Fang’s earliest known engagement with Swalwell occurred through the Chinese Student Association, Axios reported, and by 2014, she had developed "close ties" to Swalwell’s office. Investigators became so alarmed by Fang’s behavior and activities that they alerted Swalwell in 2015 to their concerns, and gave him a "defensive briefing." Swalwell then cut off all ties with Fang and has not been accused of any wrongdoing, according to an official who spoke to the outlet. Officials do not believe Fang received or passed on classified information.  Republicans have pounced on the Swalwell revelations and have demanded he be stripped of his Intelligence Committee assignment for the sake of national security. McCarthy has questioned Pelosi’s judgment for not removing him. MCCARTHY CALLS SWALWELL A 'NATIONAL SECURITY THREAT,' SAYS PELOSI, SCHIFF MUST REMOVE HIM FROM INTEL COMMITTEE Pelosi said GOP and Democratic leadership were briefed "at the same moment" in the spring of 2015 about a suspected Chinese spy targeting members of Congress and the issue was addressed at the time.  "In terms of Mr. Swalwell -- in the spring of 2015, the leadership of the House and the [Intelligence] Committee were informed that overtures from a Chinese person were being made to members of Congress," Pelosi said last week. "When that was made known to the members of Congress, it was over." Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox Arrives Weekdays Subscribe Subscribed Subscribe You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! 2020 Presidential Election 1 hour ago 76K new Georgia voters register ahead of January runoffs 5 hours ago Trump, targeting McConnell and top Republicans, urges them to 'get tougher' in election fight 6 hours ago Jonathan Turley: Joe Biden is proud of Hunter -- Stephen Colbert's embarrassing interview misses the mark 11 hours ago Adriana Cohen: Techno-fascism strikes again — Congress must fight Big Tech’s suppression of free speech Coronavirus U.S. Crime Military Education Terror Immigration Economy Personal Freedoms Fox News Investigates World U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Opinion Politics Executive Senate House Judiciary Foreign Policy Polls Elections Entertainment Celebrity News Movies TV News Music News Style News Entertainment Video Business Personal Finance Economy Markets Watchlist Lifestyle Real Estate Tech Lifestyle Food + Drink Cars + Trucks Travel + Outdoors House + Home Fitness + Well-being Style + Beauty Family Faith Science Archaeology Air & Space Planet Earth Wild Nature Natural Science Dinosaurs Tech Security Innovation Drones Computers Video Games Military Tech Health Coronavirus Healthy Living Medical Research Mental Health Cancer Heart Health Children's Health TV Shows Personalities Watch Live Full Episodes Show Clips News Clips About Contact Us Careers Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Media Relations Corporate Information Compliance Supplier Diversity Other Fox Nation Fox News Shop Fox News Go Fox News Radio Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Apps & Products Facebook Twitter Flipboard Google+ Instagram RSS Email Fox News New Terms of Use Updated Privacy Policy Do Not Sell my Personal Information Closed Captioning Policy Help Contact Us Accessibility Statement This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.